fix(unity): Added SentryNativeBridge issue to troubleshooting (#4868)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/unity/troubleshooting.mdx

## Build Issues

### Build input file cannot be found: '**/Libraries/io.sentry.unity/Plugins/iOS/SentryNativeBridge.m'

> You can resolve this issue by creating a clean build or chosing **Replace** when prompted. Instead of relying on Unity to copy the `SentryNativeBridge.m` over to the generated Xcode project, starting 0.12.0, the SDK copies it manually to `**/Libraries/io.sentry.unity/SentryNativeBridge.m`.

Reviewer: Is there an alternative solution like manually deleting the old file, so users don't need to chose Replace? They might have other changes they can't override?

> You can resolve this issue by creating a clean build or chosing **Replace** when prompted. Alternatively you can remove the unused `SentryNativeBridge.m`from the **UnityFramework Target > Compile Sources** inside the project settings. Instead of relying on Unity to copy the `SentryNativeBridge.m` over to the generated Xcode project, starting 0.12.0, the SDK copies it manually to `**/Libraries/io.sentry.unity/SentryNativeBridge.m`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can resolve this issue by creating a clean build or chosing "Replace" when prompted. Alternatively, you can remove the unused `SentryNativeBridge.m`from the **UnityFramework Target > Compile Sources** in the project settings. Instead of relying on Unity to copy the `SentryNativeBridge.m` over to the generated Xcode project, starting with 0.12.0, the SDK copies it manually to `**/Libraries/io.sentry.unity/SentryNativeBridge.m`.
```
